ci: Update Go used to 1.25 and 1.26 and remove old lint config. (#810)
hashicorp/serf: README.md

## Developing Serf

If you wish to work on Serf itself, you'll first need [Go](https://golang.org)

> installed (version 1.25+ is _required_). Make sure you have Go properly

Reviewer: To reduce future required edits:

```suggestion
installed (stable version is _required_). Make sure you have Go properly
```
